Add new lyrics page (#1054)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/server/media/Lyrics.md

```
Music
└── Some Artist
    └── Album A
        ├── Song 1.flac
        ├── Song 1.lrc
        ├── Song 2.flac
        ├── Song 2.lrc
        ├── Song 3.flac
        └── Song 3.lrc
```

The Lyrics file can be synchronized or unsynchronized. It can have some extra metadata, but won't be shown in the Jellyfin client.

### Synchronized
Synchronized lyrics are interactive, enabling users to click on any line to jump directly to the corresponding timestamp in the song. You have the option to either manually synchronize the text, which can be time-consuming and may lack accuracy, or utilize lyrics synchronization software such as MiniLyrics.

```
[ar: Camila Cabello]
[ti: She Loves Control]
[al: Camila]
[by: Jamie]
[length: 2:57]
[00:10.89]Cold, ′cause she has been here before
[00:14.58]She doesn't cry anymore
[00:16.78]No looking back
[00:21.03]No, she doesn′t go to the bar
[00:24.86]Too many lovers she's scarred
[00:26.82]And they want her back

[00:29.50]She loves control
[00:32.12]She wants it her way
...
```

### Unsynchronized

> Unlike syncronized lyrics, unsyncronized lyrics are easier to implament, but will be harder for users to sing along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike synchronized lyrics, unsynchronized lyrics are easier to implement, but will be harder for users to sing along.
```
